## Parking lot
## Meetings and interactions
- Digital Transformation-Onboarding #projects/onboading #meeting 
	- Met [[Melinda Holgrem]]
	- How people organize towards work?
		- She's missing metrics, leading indicators
			- Not necessarily the OPEX and headcounts (e.g. ratio managers versus doers)
			- Not only the financial part
			- We should reset our mindset to challenge our setup with the given constraints
		- Some teams are dismantled quickly because the goals are short-given
		- Presence and authority from the Value Streams is key 
	- [x] Call for a session every month ‚úÖ 2025-05-13
	- [x] Connect Martin with strategy for OKR setting ‚úÖ 2025-05-13
- Monetization weekly sync #projects/billing  #meeting 
	- Met [[Magdalena]]
	- Business working in an offer to the army
		- IOT involved
		- Security is a differentiator
		- Pricing would need to be dynamic
		- Business needs this before the offer
		- [x] Call for a meeting with VS Architects to validate if this is feasible, Lars, Olav Gobsta, Vidar Olsen ‚úÖ 2025-05-13
		- [/] [[Decision on piloting dynamic pricing for a tender process]] #projects/billing
- CVC-Architecture progress #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc  #meeting 
	- Met [[Jon Andre]]
	- [x] [[Follow up with Horizon 1 for Architecture]] #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc ‚è´ ‚úÖ 2025-05-26
- Weekly sync #projects/AI_task_force #meeting 
	- Met [[DIAI team]]
	- Follow-up with data team about assessing value creation with more Value Stream Leaders
		- Having a ball park idea
		- Not interviewing all, but rather presenting a partial view
		- We will talk with Torbjorn to agree if this approach is fine
	- Setup the Advisory Board
		- 
- Onboarding-Digital Transformation-Feedback from Customer Operations #projects/onboading #meeting 
	- Met [[Eli Henriette Larsen]] and [[Jens Mosbergvik]]
	- Worked on [[Get to know Eli Henriette views on IT]]
## Worked tasks
- [[Discuss with the programs why the system risks are high or medium comparing with the view from the experts]]
	- Received email from [[Siri Wam]] explaining the risks
	- Connecting her comments with [[Heidi Frydenlund]]
- [[Get Security Clearance screening]]
	- Sent email to [[Ragnar]] asking for his help
- [[Continue assessment with Melinda]]
	- Made changes in the [[Initial Assessment document]]
	- Sent email to [[Melinda Holgrem]] with the observations and waiting for her feedback
	- Closing [[Send to Melinda for review]]
	- [x] [[Follow-up Melinda review]] #projects/onboading ‚úÖ 2025-06-30
- Task management for [[0-Tieto Evry Exit and CVC]]
	- Reorganizing several items raised by [[Heidi Granberg]]
		- Closing tasks and consolidating into one
		- Closing [[How are the VS Architects going to be involved and accountable if they're not part of the Core Program]]
		- Closing [[How is the project connected with CVC]]
		- Closing [[Why are the VS Leaders not present if they are accountable and set the VS priorities]]
		- Closing [[Who interfaces with other companies for migrating Mariuns (eg Towers)]]
		- [x] [[Follow-up on Tieto Evry Exit organization concerns raised by Heidi]] #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc üîº ‚úÖ 2025-05-14
	- Created task 
		- [/] [[Plan for sign-off documents for Mobile Business on CCDW and Salesforce]] #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc
## Reminders for today
- [[Co-create presentation about Data, Insight and AI driven Telenor Norway in June]]
- [[Setup the DIAI Advisory Board]]
- [[Review my observations in the Initial Assessment document]]

## Task list
```tasks
not done
tag does not include #discussion 
sort by priority
```
