## Parking lot
## Meetings and interactions
- 1to1 Thomas<->Victor
	- Met [[Thomas Nore]]
	- Ask [[John Gustav]] and [[Jon Andre]] how can I help
	- STIP is normally around 40% to 60%
- CVC/TietoEvry Exit-Systems in the SAS Value Stream
	- Met [[Heidi Frydenlund]]
	- Discussed about [[Combo system]]
		- It will go away when [[OMS system]] is decommissioned ([[TietoEvry Exit - Decommission]])
	- Discussed about [[OMS system]]
		- It will go away and replaced by different systems ([[TietoEvry Exit - Decommission]])
	- Discussed about [[deFakto system]]
		- Target is [[Geneva system]] ([[TietoEvry Exit - Decommission]])
		- There is the risk that, during the migration, the process must be monitored to ensure proper quality. It's very important
		- [ ] [[Talk with Inge-Lise about deFakto migration]] #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc
		- [ ] [[Talk with Karl about deFakto migration]] #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc
	- Discussed about [[COS system]]
		- Moving piece by piece to different systems ([[TietoEvry Exit - Decommission]])
		- There is a risk related to not all work is known for such a big system. They're mitigating it by continuously working analyzing the different modules/components.
		- [ ] [[Speak with Lars Harveg about COS system migration risks]] #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc
	- Discussed about [[Eureka system]]
		- Its target is [[Oneview system]] ([[TietoEvry Exit - Decommission]])
		- [ ] [[Talk with Per Kristian Kummermo about Oneview]] #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc
	- Discussed about [[KFS system]]
		- It should be terminated as its capabilities are legacy ([[TietoEvry Exit - Decommission]])
	- Discussed about [[Apigee system]]
		- The target is [[Tenex system]] ([[TietoEvry Exit - Decommission]])
	- Discussed about [[FKM system]]
		- Still work in progress ([[TietoEvry Exit - Being analyzed]])
		- [x] [[Talk with Lars-Erik about the level of risk in FKM]] #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc ‚è´ ‚úÖ 2025-06-02
	- [x] [[Discuss with the programs why the system risks are high or medium comparing with the view from the experts]] #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc ‚úÖ 2025-06-30
- Value Stream Architects - responsibilities on delivery
	- Met [[Heidi Granberg]]
	- Discussion on [[Clarify what is the accountability level from Value Stream Architects into delivery]]
	- While discussing about the concern, she posed a number of questions to the programs organizations
	- [x] [[How are the VS Architects going to be involved and accountable if they're not part of the Core Program]] #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc #person/john_gustav üîº ‚úÖ 2025-05-13
	- [x] [[How is the project connected with CVC]] #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc #person/john_gustav üîº ‚úÖ 2025-05-13
	- [x] [[Why are the VS Leaders not present if they are accountable and set the VS priorities]] #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc #person/john_gustav üîº ‚úÖ 2025-05-13
	- [x] [[Who interfaces with other companies for migrating Mariuns (eg Towers)]] #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc #person/john_gustav üîº ‚úÖ 2025-05-13
## Worked tasks
- [[Contact Value Stream Leaders to get their perspective on IT, as part of my onboarding]]
	- 4 meetings booked
- [[Setup the DIAI Advisory Board]]
	- Sent reminder by Slack
- [[Co-create presentation about Data, Insight and AI driven Telenor Norway in June]]
	- Trying to rearrange the presentation. Still work to do
- [[Create clarity for the TietoEvry Exit project on Salesforce-CCDW]]
	- Sent reminder to [[Vidar Olsen]]
- [[Take a look into 'governance' across Value Streams. How do we make sure there is collaboration]]
	- Sent reminder to [[Katrina Sponheim]] and [[Lars Hervig]]
- [[Seat with Value Stream Leaders to adjust Borough Plan template avoiding duplication of content]]
	- Sent reminder to [[Katrina Sponheim]] and [[Lars Hervig]]
## Reminders for today

## Task list
```tasks
not done
sort by priority
```
