## Parking lot
- [x] [[Reflect on mid-Q2 performance]] #areas/line_management ✅ 2025-06-02
## Meetings and interactions
- Catch-up on Torbjorn feedback and next steps #projects/AI_task_force  #meeting 
	- Met [[Bente]]
	- Roadmap has two levels: value and capabilities
	- We should present out initiative to different divisions: [[Consumer division]], [[Business division]], [[Wholesale division]], [[Infrastructure Growth division]], and finally [[Technology division]]
		- [x] [[Present DIAI to Consumer Management]] #projects/AI_task_force ✅ 2025-06-19
		- Follow-up with Emma on changing our slot title
		- Draft value slide with Oyvind
- Hyperscaler pricing model #projects/billing  #meeting 
	- Met [[Jesper Lade]]
	- From beginning of the year the team has been challenged to pivot from B2B2B to focus in two areas
		- Mass market - Zero touch
		- Mission critical - highest revenue
	- There is a window of opportunity in the coming years with some public organizations
		- We have a good position due to our coverage and redundancy, especially in the north part of Norway
	- To modernize this we need to make our offering flexible
		- There is no way we can win without being able to be competitive in procurement benchmarks
		- We're labor intensive; many agreements, negotiation, and then implement those agreements
		- It's also fundamental that our API's are simpler. We should not transfer our internal complexity to our customers
	- Negotiation and implementation can be reduced if we offer what our customer needs (with a range of options) based on what we can realistically do
	- Jesper is aligning on how to give prices to customer. Those should be supported by our infrastructure and systems (e.g., can do we charge by MB used in a particular area?)
## Worked tasks
- [[Make a proposal for onboarding Ludwig and meeting IT]]
	- Sent an email to [[Ola Horten]] and [[Oyvind Rimmereid]] for partnering with the onboarding
	- Key aspects from a Chief Transformation Office point of view
		- What's IT's contribution to the value chain?
			- [[IT CIO Office]]
			- [[IT Architecture]]
		- What's their offering?
			- [[IT CIO Office]]
		- What are the resources allocated to it?
			- IT Finance
		- How do they work?
			- [[IT Enablement]]
			- [[IT P&C]]
		- What are their goals?
			- [[IT CIO Office]]
		- What are their main challenges?
			- [[IT CIO Office]]
- [[Setup the DIAI Advisory Board]]
	- Prepared presentation
	- Asked [[DIAI team]] to validate
- [[Reflect on interviews with Value Stream Leaders]]
	- Worked on this task
	- Reflected, and closing down task
	- [x] [[Communicate to TMO about findings with VS Owners]] #projects/onboading ✅ 2025-06-30
	- [x] [[Prepare presentation about findings from interviewing VS Owners]] #projects/onboading ✅ 2025-06-06
	- File with my reflections: [[Note 30 May 2025 (4).pdf]]
- [[Consider Sourcing Strategy as potential focus area]]
	- Sent Slack message to Ola
## Reminders for today

## Task list

```tasks
not done
tag does not include #discussion 
sort by priority
```
