## Parking lot
## Meetings and interactions
* Asked [[Sajjad]] about some definitions
	* Created note for [[Business Area Management (BAM)]]
	* Created note for [[Nordics Management Team (NMT)]]
* DIAI-Review inputs from Value Stream Leaders #projects/AI_task_force #meeting 
	* We must be careful to plan in advance for enablers in AI
	* [ ] [[How can we plan long-term enablers for AI]] #projects/AI_task_force
	* [x] [[What is a workshop for NOL]] #projects/AI_task_force üîº ‚è≥ 2025-05-09 ‚úÖ 2025-05-05
* Digital Transformation-Onboarding-Feedback from Internet@home #meeting  #projects/onboading 
	* Met [[Magnus Sulland]] and [[Karl Pedersen]]
	* Part of [[Get to know Magnus views on IT-related opportunities, challenges and risks]]
* Digital Transformation-Onboarding-Feedback from Security
	* Met [[Wiweke Reymert]]
	* Part of [[Get to know Wiweke views on IT-related opportunities, challenges and risks]]
	* [x] [[Discover what is the HERO product in Security]] #projects/onboading ‚úÖ 2025-06-05

## Worked tasks
* [[Follow-up Bente review on the onboarding material]]
	* Changed the document with her comments
* [x] [[Reflect on interviews with Value Stream Leaders]] #projects/onboading ‚è´ üõ´ 2025-05-06 ‚úÖ 2025-05-30

## Reminders for today

## Task list
```tasks
not done 
sort by urgency
```
