## Parking lot
## Meetings and interactions
* TMO Friday weekly #meeting  #areas/collaborate_within_tmo  
	* Created note [[Joker project]]
* Digital Transformation-Onboarding-Feedback from Assurance #meeting #projects/onboading 
	* Talked with [[Marius Bostad]] and [[Thea Undseth]]
	* Related to [[Get to know Thea views on IT-related opportunities, challenges and risks]]
* Coffee before Easter #meeting  #areas/contribute_success_IT 
	* Talked with [[Torbjorn]]
	* [x] [[Why are we not using VDOM in our program]] #areas/contribute_success_IT #person/ragnar ‚è´ ‚è≥ 2025-05-06 ‚úÖ 2025-05-07
	* [x] [[Would it be possible to merge CVC and TietoEvry Exit]] #areas/contribute_success_IT #person/ragnar ‚è´ ‚úÖ 2025-05-07
	* [ ] [[How can IT assist more the transformation]] #areas/contribute_success_IT  #discussion  #person/ludwig   

## Worked tasks
* [[Talk with Jon Andre about my responsibilities in CVC]]
	* Closing down the task
	* I included my reflections in the [[0-Tieto Evry Exit and CVC]] note
* [[Send information from task force to the SDS team]]
	* Shared with team
	* Closing the task
* Review [[0-AI Task Force]]
	* Considered all tasks and finished the small ones
	* My reflections are in the note
	* I would like to align my goals with [[Bente]] so there is no misunderstanding about where to go and when to arrive. I asked her if that is fine
	* [x] [[Follow-up with Bente on contract for common goals]] #projects/AI_task_force #person/bente üîº ‚è≥ 2025-05-06 ‚úÖ 2025-05-07
* Review [[0-Billing]]
	* There is no more for me to learn on the [[Billing domain]], so closing the task [[Learn about the billing domain]]
	* Where are the customers stored?
		* Updated [[FKM system]] and [[Party Management system]]
		* Created [[Party Register system]]
		* Closing the task
* [[Follow-up with Ola about who is managing data-compliance in relation to GDPR and the right to be forgotten]]
	* I should discuss it with [[Ann Helen Valderhaug]]
* Review [[0-Tieto Evry Exit and CVC]]
	* [[Follow-up on Roar giving the dataset of integrations with Salesforce]]
		* Asked him by email about the status
	* [[Check if we need to do a lot of adaptation in Geneva while we're also doing a lift and shift]]
		* Will wait until May to ask again. There is an email from Gunnar on this respect
* Review [[0-VDOM 2_plus]]
	* [[Talk with Froydis if she would like to check if Oracle Fusion Cloud HCM would support what they have in QlinkSense today]]
		* Doesn't look like
		* Closing the task

## Reminders for today

## Task list
```tasks
not done 
sort by urgency
```
