## Parking lot
## Meetings and interactions
### [[Contact Value Stream Leaders to get their perspective on IT, as part of my onboarding]] #meeting  #projects/onboading 
* I had a conversation with [[Thomas Nore]]. Hereunder his observations:
* Assurance: [[Thea Undseth]]
	Quite some experience.
	There is a head of production (NOC-Network Operating Center). 70% of the people are working everyday to fix issues.
	There is a head of product, who is dealing with the IT people.
	Bring the right context to Thea so she can decide who to bring
- Contractor & Supply Chain Management: [[Bjørn Rudberg]]
	Starting today. Experienced leader. He’s visions so he would be able to build a view of the future.
	Bring the context
- Customer Operations: [[Eli Henriette Larsen]]
	Started in December. They may not have an IT team. Bring context
- Infrastructure Roll-Out and Delivery: [[Geir Inge Fevang]]
	Starting now. He’s some visions, and a lot of legacy to deal with.
	Bring context as well
- Internet@Home: [[Magnus Saether Aasjord]]
	Has a lot of experience. Give context and trust him to come with the right people
- Mobile business: [[Nikolai Perminow]]
	Started in December. Same than before.
- Mobile consumer: [[Rikke Klonteig Nielsen]]
	Same
- Mobile Networks: [[Idar Bjørkvold]]
	Starting now. He needs to bring a lot of people because is new in the position.
	Bring a lot of context for him to help
- Network@The workplace: [[Annelene Næss]]
	Acting since December. Bring the context.

### Monetization weekly sync #meeting  #projects/billing 
* Close task to ask Magdalena where are we storing the customers. She doesn't know
* Open a task for asking the architecture forum
	* [x] Where are the customers stored, are they in FKM or in Party Management? #projects/billing 🔼 ✅ 2025-04-11
### Becoming data-driven - Work #projects/AI_task_force  #meeting 
* [[Bente]] is sending the invites to discuss with the Value Stream Leaders
* [[Communicate to AI Task Force members about revamping the mission]]
	* We will go for a meeting, instead
	* Created a sub-task  for preparing a presentation to the Task Force, call for the meeting, and connect previously with Age and Vidar
* Sent email to [[Johanne Falck-Pedersen]] looking for Nordic's requirements on AI. Created task to follow-up

### Salesforce - CCDW issue in Tieto Evry Exit #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc 
* Working on an issue between Salesforce and the [[CCDW system]]. More information in the task below
* [x] [[Create clarity for the TietoEvry Exit project on Salesforce-CCDW]] #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc 🔼 📅 2025-05-31 ✅ 2025-05-13
	* [x] Follow-up with Roar about what is missing to assess in Mobile Business for Salesforce #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc ✅ 2025-05-13
## Worked tasks
### [[Follow-up assessment with Ola]]
* Created page for [[Objectives and goals]]
* Closing task [[Follow-up assessment with Ola]]
* Removed items from [[0-Onboarding]]
### [[Continue assessment with Froydis]]
 * Changed the document with the initial assessment
 * Closing task [[Continue assessment with Froydis]]
 * [x] [[Follow-up Froydis review]] #projects/onboading 🔼 ✅ 2025-05-02
### [[Add Katrina's comments into the Initial Assessment document]]
* Finished editing the document and adding the comments
* Closing task
* [x] [[Follow-up Katrina review]] #projects/onboading 🔼 📅 2025-05-15 ✅ 2025-06-02
* Closing task [[Send to Katrina for review]]

### Review [[0-AI Task Force]] project
* Created [[Johanne Falck-Pedersen]]
* Created [[Telenor Nordics]]
## Reminders for today

## Task list
```tasks
not done 
sort by urgency
```
