## Parking lot
## Meetings and interactions
- Conversation with Jonas Tvedt - Personal invitation to Aurora Live #areas/learning #meeting 
	- Met [[Jonas Tvedt]]
	- Information in this card: [[Aurora Live]]
- Short catch-up on TiE -exit. Are you at FBU today? #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc #meeting 
	- Met with [[Anders Ovreas]]
	- Part of [[Frame the context for Plan B]]
	- [[TietoEvry]] stated that, for situations out of their control, they're receiving an important cost increase from a subcontractor which they have decided to transfer entirely to us. They're contractually allowed to do so.
		- As part of [[Kyndryl]] moving operations to Denmark, they are closing down their offices in Norway. If we wish to continue then they need to rent out space, setup venue, etc.
	- [[Anders Ovreas]] would like a negotiation process
		- A pre-meeting before engaging TietoEvry, with focus on what is essential to accept/not accept the offer
			- He would like to have two topics
				- Would the setup comply with the Security Act?
				- What can we do to minimize the costs?
	- [[Anders Ovreas]] will call for the session with TietoEvry and with [[Kyndryl]]
## Worked tasks
- [[Communicate to TMO about findings with VS Owners]]
	- After the meeting yesterday, I decided to close the task
	- I believe my best contribution would be in future conversations on Operating Model
	- In addition, briefing IT about these results
	- [x] [[Brief Bente about Value Stream Leaders feedback]] #projects/onboading ✅ 2025-06-30
	- [x] [[Brief Lars Erik about Value Stream Leaders feedback]] #projects/onboading ✅ 2025-06-30
	- [x] [[Brief Mats about Value Stream Leaders feedback]] #projects/onboading ✅ 2025-06-30
	- [x] [[Brief Laila about Value Stream Leaders feedback]] #projects/onboading ✅ 2025-07-29
- 

## Reminders for today

## Task list

```tasks
not done
tag does not include #discussion 
sort by priority
```
