## Parking lot
## Meetings and interactions
- 3 timer med dekningsdirektøren #areas/collaborate_within_tmo  #meeting 
- 1:1 Victor - Ludwig #areas/line_management  #meeting 
	- Met [[Ludwig]]
	- [[Make a proposal for onboarding Ludwig and meeting IT]]
		- What's IT's contribution to the value chain?
		- What's IT’s offering?
		- What is the CAPEX and OPEX assigned to IT?
		- How does IT work? (Operating Model)
		- What are IT’s goals?
		- What are IT’s main challenges?
		- Key IT stakeholders and decision-making processes
		- What are the main Business Opportunities?
		- What is our high-level architecture?
	- Start the reflection on the role, the value, and the challenges
	- Agree on a 1:1 sequence
	- [x] [[Risk of not migrating Mainframes should be documented and an alternative explored]] #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc ✅ 2025-06-30
		- Sent email to [[Christoffer Vestrheim]] asking if we should consider the risk and alternative
- Data, Insight, AI-driven Telenor - Value exploration #projects/AI_task_force  #meeting 
	- We would like to get Value Drivers as a way to group Business Opportunities for visualization reasons (growth, risk, etc.)
	- 

## Worked tasks
 - [[Discover what is the HERO product in Security]]
	 - Definition of [[HERO Product]]
- [[Make a proposal for onboarding Ludwig and meeting IT]]
		- Sent email to [[Ludwig]] to get his feedback
- [[Co-create presentation about Data, Insight and AI driven Telenor Norway in June]]
	- Called a meeting with [[Lars-Erik]] to discuss the architecture slides in view of AI and the MOC server
	- Worked with [[Oyvind Rimmereid]] on how to bring a view on the value drives
		- It seems the best is to take the column "Strategy fit" and use that for grouping purposes
		- I requested [[Kristoffer Karud]] the latest Business Opportunity file to take it as a reference
## Reminders for today
- Work on:
	- [[Co-create presentation about Data, Insight and AI driven Telenor Norway in June]]
		- Draft Value slide with Oyvind
## Task list

```tasks
not done
tag does not include #discussion 
sort by priority
```
