## Parking lot
## Meetings and interactions
- TMO & Strategy weekly meeting #areas/collaborate_within_tmo  #meeting 
	- Write a small mandate for Q3 priorities
	- What can I do to exit TietoEvry in time?
	- [/] [[Assist more proactively the TietoEvry Exit]] #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc 
		- Sent an email to [[John Gustav]] asking for more information on where to assist
	- [[Ragnar]] shared about [[Risk project]] 
- Placeholder-1to1 Ludwig<>Victor #areas/line_management #meeting 
	- Met [[Ludwig]]
	- Closing [[Work in a proper 1 to 1 with Ludwig]]
	- [[Present DIAI to Wholesale Leadership]] and [[Present DIAI to Business Leadership]]
		- Both leaders were positive
		- Ludwig will send a reminder
		- Then I can take it from there
	- [[Value Stream Leadership improvements]]
		- Told [[Melinda Holgrem]] that [[Ludwig]] was positive and asked to include [[Kristin Ruud]] as well
		- Waiting for her feedback to call the session in August
	- [[Tech Leadership excellence]]
		- Briefed Ludwig. He's ok with my progressing on this
	- Annual salary process
		- Communicated in August
		- Paid out in September
		- Retroactive from April
	- [[Define ambition and roadmap for Data transformation]]
		- Ludwig's feedback
			- Surfaced a lot of issues and ambitions
			- How does Bente feels our collaboration?
			- Would defining a mandate make a difference?
			- Working on improving the Business Opportunity process can help us creating more value
				- Sharpen B.O.s
				- Explore new B.O.s
			- We should not only make a plan but help with the execution 
			- [[Sajjad]] can create value, especially if deployed in the Value Streams
			- Ludwig would like us to go further in content
		- [/] [[Agree on a mandate for the Transformation office in Data Decentralization]] #projects/AI_task_force
		- Closing the task
- Weekly sync #projects/AI_task_force  #meeting 
	- Met [[Bente]] and [[Sonja Helena Jaegersborg]]
	- Part of [[Define ambition and roadmap for Data transformation]]
	- Not everyone was talking about the same thing; looked like [[Torbjorn]] was a bit distracted
	- [[Bente]] would like me to approach the Mandate answering what are the problems we want to solve from a Transformation Office point of view
		- She pointed out that competence capability is missing
		- They will do 
			- Cross Value Stream collaboration
			- Ensure Value Streams take ownership
			- Awareness around Value Stream Management 
			- They do enablement, including future rollouts to other parts of the organization
	- Important input for [[Agree on a mandate for the Transformation office in Data Decentralization]]
- 

## Worked tasks
- Review planning
	- Closing [[Follow-up Melinda review]]
	- Closing [[Define better the challenge with Value Stream Leadership]], as it moved to an Epic [[Value Stream Leadership improvements]]
	- Closing [[Prepare proposal to reduce resistance with technical teams]], as it moved to an Epic [[Tech Leadership excellence]] 
	- [[Consider how to take the hypothesis about resistance to autonomy]]
	- Closing [[Brief Lars Erik about Value Stream Leaders feedback]]
	- Closing [[Brief Bente about Value Stream Leaders feedback]]
	- Closing [[Should do I take a bigger role in VDOM]]. I'm discussing with [[Tor Henrik]]
	- Closing [[Sign TietoEvry offer]]
	- Closing [[Handle the conflicting view between Google-based solutions and Neutral-based solutions in the Data space]]
	- Closing [[Communicate to TMO about findings with VS Owners]]
	- Creating task for following up between [[Gartner]] and [[Ludwig]]
		- [ ] [[Engage Ludwig with Gartner]] #projects/support_from_gartner 
	- Closing [[Risk of not migrating Mainframes should be documented and an alternative explored]]
	- Closing [[Frame the context for Plan B]]
	- Closing [[Give update on Plan B for TietoEvry Exit]]
	- Closing [[Discuss with the programs why the system risks are high or medium comparing with the view from the experts]]
	- Closing [[Give feedback to Tor Henrik on Operating Model presentation]]
- [[Connect Cloud Value Stream with a VS Leader to share portfolio]]
	- Suggested [[Mats]] to contact [[Rikke Klonteig Nielsen]], as she was keen on connecting with the IT-owned Value Streams
	- As my value there may be subjective, I shared the info with him, and offered my help if anything is needed. I don't expect him to come back
	- Closing the task
## Reminders for today

## Task list

```tasks
not done
tag does not include #discussion 
sort by priority
```
