## Parking lot
## Meetings and interactions
- Feedback from interviews with Value Stream Leaders #areas/contribute_success_IT  #meeting 
	- Met [[Mats]]
	- Worked on [[Brief Mats about Value Stream Leaders feedback]]
	- Cloud may be challenged if finance pushes costs down
	- He would like to explore tech boldness
	- Cloud is connecting with [[Tech Leader community]] but not with [[Value Stream Leader community]]
	- [x] [[Connect Cloud Value Stream with a VS Leader to share portfolio]] #areas/contribute_success_IT ✅ 2025-06-30
	- Closing task
- Maintain national control TiE Mainframe #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc  #meeting 
	- Met [[Roger Nerli]], [[Rolf Waaler]], [[Anders Ovreas]], [[Knut Harald Graven]]
	- Worked on [[Sign TietoEvry offer]]
	- [[Roger Nerli]] approved the offer
- Mainframe Taskforce – Alignment for SteerCo Meeting #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc  #meeting 
	- Readjusted figures would improve the material
	- Mark pre-read material
	- The slides should be ready by Friday
- Data, Insight, AI-driven Telenor Workshop-Alignment before workshop #projects/AI_task_force  #meeting 
	- Met [[Ludwig]]
	- How involved should do we in product management?
		- Transformation can take learnings and existing capabilities to help accelerating the deployment of more value
		- There are different ways to go about it
			- Small team led by someone in Transformation
			- Creating accelerated teams
			- Creating Engagement teams
			- At the end, Ludwig was reflecting on how to drive change, what is the structure, who and where to place it
		- [ ] [[Create more visibility on the data portfolio]] #projects/AI_task_force 
		- Reflection on "are the foundations right?"
			- Examples on data quality like data usage in sales for CX, or network availability
	- What does he thinks of the enablers?
		- Outcome of the workshop should be: how can we deliver more efficiently on data than today's...
		- He's fine with the enablers
	- What happens with potential new products out of Value Streams?
		- This is more an Operating Model issue
		- [ ] [[What do we do for new products out of Value Streams]] #projects/VDOM2_plus 
	- We build reusable capabilities until 2026. How are the laggards coming to the picture?
		- How can we use C.O. interactions
		- Concern about adoption: what can we do that we haven't done before
## Worked tasks

## Reminders for today

## Task list

```tasks
not done
tag does not include #discussion 
sort by priority
```
