## Parking lot
- [x] [[Check if there are Business Opportunities for selling Nova or Private Cloud]] #areas/contribute_success_IT ‚è´ üìÖ 2025-05-07 ‚úÖ 2025-05-07
	- Checked with [[Mats]]. He's pointing to [[Nikolai Perminow]]
## Meetings and interactions
- AI Task Force-New direction
	- [[Communicate to AI Task Force members about revamping the mission]]
		- [[Process feedback received from Advisory Board]]
			- No significant feedback to be accounted for
			- However, next steps are needed
			- [x] [[Setup the DIAI Advisory Board]] #projects/AI_task_force ‚úÖ 2025-06-30
- 1to1 - Ragnar <> Victor
	- Met [[Ragnar]]
	- [[Why are we not using VDOM in our program]]
		- I will take this as feedback for the retro on [[0-VDOM 2_plus]] in Q4
		- [x] [[Inform Torbjorn about dealing with his feedback on the Transformation programs in the VDOM retro scheduled for Q4]] #projects/VDOM2_plus #person/torbjorn #discussion ‚úÖ 2025-06-02
		- Adding this feedback to actions for [[0-VDOM 2_plus]]
			- [ ] [[Give Torbjorn feedback about Transformation Programs to the VDOM retro]] #projects/VDOM2_plus
	- [[Would it be possible to merge CVC and TietoEvry Exit]]
		- Same than before. Closing the task
- 1to1 Bente <> Victor
	- Met [[Bente]]
	- [[Follow-up with Bente on contract for common goals]]
		- I changed our contract goals in Slack and shared with her
		- Closing task for now
	- [[Talk with Bente about the data privacy process]]
		- We reviewed the Data Privacy process and agreed to engage them based on the use case selected
	- [[Co-create presentation about Data, Insight and AI driven Telenor Norway in June]]
		- Some feedback from Bente to the presentation
## Worked tasks
- Review tasks in [[0-Tieto Evry Exit and CVC]]
	- Closing [[Bring examples of cross Value Stream collaboration and reuse]], as the Value Stream Architects gave a presentation
	- Asked [[Katrina Sponheim]] and [[Lars Hervig]] about the two remaining topics from the CVC Advisory Board
		- [[Seat with Value Stream Leaders to adjust Borough Plan template avoiding duplication of content]]
		- [[Take a look into 'governance' across Value Streams. How do we make sure there is collaboration]]
		- Asked in Slack
	- [[Clarify what is the accountability level from Value Stream Architects into delivery]]
		- Explained [[Heidi Granberg]] the context and asked for a meeting
	- [[Check if we need to do a lot of adaptation in Geneva while we're also doing a lift and shift]]
		- Asked [[Gunnar Ronning]] for the exception from the Nova team
- [[Follow-up Lars-Erik review on the onboarding material]]
	- Removed comments from [[Initial Assessment document]]  
	- Closing task
	- Since the topic on GenAI still needs an in-depth conversation, I called for a meeting and opened a new note
	- [x] [[Gain in-depth understanding of opportunities with GenAI and MCP]] #projects/onboading üîº ‚è≥ 2025-05-07 ‚úÖ 2025-05-09
- [[Define next steps for Onboarding]]
	- The work has been carried out by [[Contact Value Stream Leaders to get their perspective on IT, as part of my onboarding]]
	- So far, I've interviewed 6 Value Streams, and 9 are remaining
	- I analyzed what I should do next
	- [x] [[Invite Eli Henriette for an Onboarding session]] #projects/onboading üîº ‚úÖ 2025-05-09
	- [x] [[Invite Rikke for an Onboarding session]] #projects/onboading üîº ‚úÖ 2025-05-09
	- [x] [[Invite Rolf for an Onboarding session]] #projects/onboading üîº ‚úÖ 2025-05-09
	- [x] [[Invite Stian for an Onboarding session]] #projects/onboading üîº ‚úÖ 2025-05-09
	- [x] [[Review my observations in the Initial Assessment document]] #projects/onboading ‚è´ üìÖ 2025-05-13 ‚úÖ 2025-05-19
- 

## Reminders for today

## Task list
```tasks
not done
sort by priority
```
