## Parking lot
## Meetings and interactions
### TMO Weekly planning #meeting #areas/collaborate_within_tmo 
* Created [[Jon Andre]]
* There is no Business Opportunity for [[0-Tieto Evry Exit and CVC]]
### Meet SDS #meeting  #projects/AI_task_force 
* [x] [[Send information from task force to the SDS team]] #projects/AI_task_force 🔼 ✅ 2025-04-11
* Created [[Sonja Helena Jaegersborg]]
* Created [[Roar Engen]]
* Created [[Shared Data Services Value Stream]]

Digital Transformation-Role focus #meeting  #projects/onboading 
* General agreement on my presentation
* [[Kristoffer Karud]] raised the concern about not answering Nordic's question on AI use cases
* [x] [[Make sure we answer Nordic's request on AI]] #projects/AI_task_force 🆔 yy21u2 🔼 ⏳ 2025-05-02 ✅ 2025-04-10
	
## Worked tasks
* Worked on [[Send to Laila for review]] 
	* Closed task 
	* Opened a task for following-up
	* [x] [[Follow-up with Laila on onboarding review]] #projects/onboading 🔼 📅 2025-05-15 ✅ 2025-06-02
* Worked on [[Prepare presentation material for CVC advisory board]]
	* Prepared presentation: [IT Architecture for CVC - Advisory Board 09042025.pptx](https://telenorgroup-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/r/personal/victor_mendivil_telenor_no/Documents/1-Projects/TietoEvry%20Exit/IT%20Architecture%20for%20CVC%20-%20Advisory%20Board%2009042025.pptx?d=w2f30c040cfcf40b4aeb6cdb46bc6a046&csf=1&web=1&e=h9lIR8)
	* Shared it with [[Katrina Sponheim]]
	* Closed task, and opened one for following-up with Katrina
	* [x] [[Follow-up with Katrina on IT Architecture presentation for CVC Advisory Board on April 9th]] #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc #person/katrina ⏫ ✅ 2025-04-02
* Worked on [[Contact Value Stream Leaders to get their perspective on IT, as part of my onboarding]] 
	* Asked [[Thomas Nore]] (by email) to confirm the VS Leaders so I contact the right people
* 

## Reminders for today

## Task list
```tasks
not done 
sort by urgency
```
