## Parking lot
## Meetings and interactions
* Architecture gathering #meeting  #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc 
	* Added a reflection about [[IT division]] about striking the balance between quality/sustainability and speed/growth.
* Digital Transformation - Onboarding #meeting  #projects/onboading 
	* Closed task [[Ask Laila for inputs on onboarding]]
	* [x] [[Add to the assessment document Laila's inputs]] #projects/onboading 🔼 ✅ 2025-03-31
	* Laila pointed to a concern about lack of time to learn and develop. This is now coming recurrently from different people. Added to [[0-Onboarding]]
* Becoming data driver - Work #meeting  #projects/AI_task_force 
	* [[Bente]] will discuss with [[Torbjorn]] if we should be presenting this on the strategy process slot for technology, around Easter
	* [[#^4ef760]] 
	* [x] [[Follow-up with Bente on sending the email to the Value Stream Leaders]] #projects/AI_task_force ⏫ ✅ 2025-04-01
	* [[Bente]] is wondering who can explain about data-compliance (e.g., GDPR request, or requests to be forgotten)
	* [x] [[Follow-up with Ola about who is managing data-compliance in relation to GDPR and the right to be forgotten]] #projects/AI_task_force 🔼 ✅ 2025-04-28
	* Closed task "Follow-up about the why-presentation"

## Worked tasks
### Worked on drafting invite to meet Value Stream Leaders regarding identifying value of using data insights, AI, and cross-Value Stream data

^4ef760

* Ideas
	* Target: Value Stream Leaders
	* Trigger: appeal to their need to consume data, use shared platforms and competence to deliver committed value through the business opportunities. To satisfy that need, other Value Streams must be activated and connected.
	* The ask: identify which Business Opportunities in their portfolio are having a strong reliance on data analytics/insights, cross value stream data, or automation through AI.
* My conclusion
	Dear [Value Stream Leaders],
	As Value Streams increasingly rely on shared data platforms, cross-stream data, and specialized competencies to achieve our company targets, it is essential to identify key dependencies, priorities, value generation, and expectations early on. To facilitate this, we would like to initiate a dialogue with you and will schedule a meeting in the coming weeks.
	To ensure a productive discussion, we kindly ask you to review your portfolio and highlight Business Opportunities or activities that heavily depend on:
	- Data analytics and insights,
	- Data originating from outside your Value Stream,
	- AI-driven automation.
	Your input will help us better align support and resources. Thank you for your attention, and we look forward to your insights.
* Asked [[Bente]] if she is fine with me sending it. Basically because the Value Stream Leaders may think this is coming from the TMO, while it's really coming from the Value Stream
## TiE Exit - Github #meeting  #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc 
* [[Lars-Erik]] presented a solution in [[GitHUB system]] to track dependencies and progress for [[0-Tieto Evry Exit and CVC]]
* [x] [[Share with John Gustav about the tracking tool]] #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc ✅ 2025-07-08
* [x] [[Share with Jon Andre about the tracking tool]] #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc ✅ 2025-07-08

### Reviewing glossary 
* Created [[Apigee system]]

## Reminders for today

## Task list
```tasks
not done 
sort by urgency
```
