#resources/telenor 

Data Protection Officer (DPO) for [[Telenor Norway]] is Evy Bjørnevoll. If there is a data breach or an audit from the authorities regarding GDPR, she is the contact point between us and the authorities ([[Datatilsynet]]). In relation to the customers, as in your example where a customer wants to be forgotten, the contact is more often done through personvernsenteret” at Kundesenteret in Skien. Anita Flohr Claussen is responsible for these types of inquiries. Personvernsenteret (Anita) is also the ones holding the dialogue with customers in cases of data breach.

We are of course committed to be transparent to the customers about our DPOs contact information, but the experience tells us that most customers are satisfied with the more “hands on” dialogue with Kundesenteret, and therefor don’t need to speak directly to the DPO.

More often than requests or audits from the authorities, we discover our own data breaches, that we report to the authorities ourselves. We have routines for this that we follow, with short deadlines. Privacy managers in the divisions (often from the GRC team in the division) will help the organization in these situations, and make sure the DPO have the necessary information to make a decision about the consequences of the breach.

In some cases we are committed to report to both Datatilsynet and [[Norwegian Communications Authority (NKOM)]]. When it comes to privacy breaches, reporting to [[Norwegian Communications Authority (NKOM)]] is handled by group legal.  For the DPO and privacy team in [[Telenor Norway]], the contact in group legal for discussion and collaboration in cases of that nature is Haakon Bratsberg.  

Privacy in [[Telenor Norway]] is sharing information about processes (including process in case of privacy breach), legal requirements and contact information to privacy managers, privacy office and DPO here [Privacy i Telenor Norge](https://telenorgroup.sharepoint.com/sites/no_portal/SitePages/Org-Privacy.aspx?xsdata=MDV8MDJ8dmljdG9yLm1lbmRpdmlsQHRlbGVub3Iubm98NzI4MzQyMjM3MDM5NDY2OWE2N2UwOGRkODY0NGI1NTV8MTY3NjQ4OWM1YzcyNDZiN2JhNjM5YWI5MGM0YWFkNDR8MXwwfDYzODgxNDM1MTgzNzQ0NzE1OXxVbmtub3dufFRXRnBiR1pzYjNkOGV5SkZiWEIwZVUxaGNHa2lPblJ5ZFdVc0lsWWlPaUl3TGpBdU1EQXdNQ0lzSWxBaU9pSlhhVzR6TWlJc0lrRk9Jam9pVFdGcGJDSXNJbGRVSWpveWZRPT18MHx8fA%3d%3d&sdata=YU1Ma1RZY2t1S2J1UFJEMytoQ3VwVFNaVXltckdCMy9Fdi8ydXBkZjZGND0%3d).