#resources/app 

* Part of [[Hardware Sales and Solutions Value Stream]]
* ID: S06072
* Hardware catalogue and stock
* Many years ago, Telenor decided to create an inhouse SAP system. Our distribution and logistics supplier were close to shutting down. The result is that we now duplicate information about phones, tables, airpods and other consumer hardware. Our supplier Modino has the truth, and we have a copy. In my mind I don’t see the need to have a copy of that information since it is impossible for us to place and order or send something to customers without Modino. It just adds complexity in software that is expensive and complicated to manage. It also syncs information with Bluestone PIM (that powers our Telenor.no store)
* The part that makes it useful now is that Telenorbutikken inventory overview is there. Each store has it’s own “inventory” and we use it towards economy and other support functionality.
* My dream ([[Magnus Sulland]]) is to remove the system (if not possible to minimize it into something simpler than SAP), create an abstraction layer that cache the data from [[Modino]] (and makes it possible for us to implement another supplier if needed). At the same time move Telenorbutikken into HEADS ERP (a simpler online ERP managed by the same company that manages our POS [https://heads.com/](https://eur02.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fheads.com%2F&data=05%7C02%7Cvictor.mendivil%40telenor.no%7C7544aea651d249f0b37008dda4118c3c%7C1676489c5c7246b7ba639ab90c4aad44%7C1%7C0%7C638847117505912387%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJFbXB0eU1hcGkiOnRydWUsIlYiOiIwLjAuMDAwMCIsIlAiOiJXaW4zMiIsIkFOIjoiTWFpbCIsIldUIjoyfQ%3D%3D%7C0%7C%7C%7C&sdata=dLAmT%2Ft8M47NldnXdo9Id1QsmitivUV90wFpEkXSfgU%3D&reserved=0)). Each Telenorbutikken store is small, they have almost no inventory, using a system like SAP limits us more than we gain from it. Then we would be async, cloud native and have all our systems running on managed platforms. The challenge is that everyone loves SAP, I just want to take a huge risk and try something that is more 2025 and less 2000.