## Parking lot
- Approver for system changes which can affect our position regarding Security Act is [[NSM]]
## Meetings and interactions
- Changes to MF delivery (TiE - Telenor)  #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc #meeting 
	- Met [[Dan Pehrsson]], [[Anders Ovreas]], and others from [[TietoEvry]]
	- Worked on [[Define Mainframe Plan B]]
	- Minutes of the meeting
		1. Does this offer affect our compliance or position regarding the Security Act in any way?
			1. Our expectation is that the services will continue as they are today.
				The intent is to be as before, with no changes.
				The Norwegian team can be security cleared if requested by Telenor.
				TietoEvry is updating the offer; we’re expecting (and requested) an extension of the timeline.
			2. Is this a shared environment, if so, who else are in to the platform?
				This summer we will become the only customer with monitoring needs in Norway.
				They cannot disclose who is hosted in the same mainframe, nor if Kyndryl has more customers in the same mainframe. All in all, it seems like we are not alone in the same mainframe.
				What is driving the cost is the ‘people’ side, not the infrastructure.
		2. We’re concerned about two sentences in the offer.
			1. Page 2: “Kyndryl has now announced that they during H1-25 will move the monitoring”
			2. Page 4: “Ramping up the onshore team has a lead time of up to six months”.  
		              From where will the services be delivered during the transition period?
		              Kyndryl is already transferring other customers operations to Denmark, but not ours.
		              They are confident we will not need to transfer operations temporarily.
		              We clarified, in case there was any confusion, that operations must happen in Norway due to Security Act requirements.
		              Transfer time can be reduced, but our window of opportunity runs short as they need to build the team.
		3. What options are available to help us minimize costs?
			TietoEvry provided three options (Service windows) and we have selected the cheapest option. This option is below our current service window.
			They don’t believe costs can be reduced, since this is down to people, which they cannot share with others, nor hire 50% of their capacity.
			This is going to be a new team, which Kyndryl will need to hire (they have not started yet)
			They do expect costs to reduce, as a consequence of decommissioning of our systems (processing power, storage, backups, etc.); that is already regulated in our agreement.
		4. Please share a breakdown of the cost structure. We would like to understand the main cost drivers and operational details.
			They will connect with Kyndryl and provide details.
			Interesting to note that they have not challenged the prices themselves
		5. Would it be possible to lock prices for 2027? What would be the formulation?
			No, it cannot be locked because some increases should be expected due to CPI (Consumer Price Index). However, increases can be limited if TietoEvry agrees with Kyndryl on linking increases with CPI.
			TietoEvry will start looking into this
			We asked for the all the remaining information to be shared by Friday or Monday the latest. TietoEvry will try but is uncommitted since they depend on Kyndryl. Therefore, we asked them to be flexible with the offer deadline.
- Data, Insights, AI-driven Telenor presentation to NOL #projects/AI_task_force  #meeting 
	- Closing task [[Present DIAI to Consumer Management]]
	- Observations
		- Consider to replace SSA for NKOM or provide definition for SSA
		- Slide 14: place a disclaimer on uneven maturity between Value Streams
		- Suggestion to analyze key Business Opportunities and their challenges (e.g.: B.O. A has challenge 1 and 2; B.O. B has challenge 1 and 3)
		- Slide 17: typo in updated (already fixed)
		- Slide 21: Skills must be used in the allowed platforms. There is something about training in allowed platforms, and define what are those allowed platforms. Link between architecture and competence
		- Slide 25: typo 'fron' (already fixed)
		- Emphasize work is done by the Value Streams, as it's not clear from the slides
		- We must highlight that Data Ownership takes time and work.
- Share with TMO about IT struggle to drive modernization from technical teams #projects/onboading  #meeting 
	- Worked on [[Share with TMO about IT struggle to drive modernization from technical teams]]
	- [x] [[Prepare proposal to reduce resistance with technical teams]] #projects/onboading ✅ 2025-06-30

## Worked tasks

## Reminders for today

## Task list
```tasks
not done
tag does not include #discussion 
sort by priority
```
