## Parking lot
## Meetings and interactions
- TMO & Strategy weekly meeting #areas/collaborate_within_tmo  #meeting 
	- No regrets are going to be protected
	- Birgitte insists on FTE impacts from every project or Business Opportunity. She wants to make sure efficiencies are properly reducing our workforce, as stated
- TietoEvry Exit-Mainframe plan B #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc  #meeting 
	- TietoEvry is doing the services related to applications
	- Kyndryl is doing the services related to infrastructure
	- DNB considered insourcing, but after analysis, they decided not to. They never tried
	- [[Mainframe Plan B team]] believes the Alternative 0 should be more properly addressed
	- The problem is now, when [[Kyndryl]] moves to Denmark
		- There is an overall price increase of 17M for 2025 (unclear how they will execute it, because it's half of the year and they need half a year for implementing)
		- There will be price increases on top
	- [x] [[Frame the context for Plan B]] #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc ✅ 2025-06-30
- Weekly sync #projects/AI_task_force  #meeting 
	- Met [[DIAI team]]
	- Shared with the team my work to present our work to the Consumer division
	- [x] [[Call for a meeting with the Advisory Board this Friday]] #projects/AI_task_force ✅ 2025-06-20
- Salesforce for Business – CCDW migration for TietoEvry Exit #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc #meeting 
	- There is an inventory but we don't have more information. Some of the APIs are documented, but others aren't.
	- [[Apoorv Shukla]] knows the integrations, but he's on leave until July
	- Next actions agreed
		- Wait for [[Apoorv Shukla]] to come back from leave, and go through the list. 
		- [[Vidar Olsen]] will talk with [[Jerome Nerrant]] to understand better customer integration
- Gartner analyst call om mainframe research #projects/tieto_evry_exit_cvc  #meeting 
	- Analyst was [[Mike Chuba]]
	- Emulation is less appealing
	- [[Kyndryl]] is the largest mainframe service provider. Other alternative could be [[DXC]]
	- The biggest obstacle is competence
	- No much real experiences running migrations with AI
	- The analyst suggest opening discussions with IBM
- Intro to Ludwig #areas/line_management  #meeting 
	- Met [[Oyvind Rimmereid]]
	- Worked on an agenda for onboarding [[Ludwig]]
## Worked tasks
- Task review
	- [[Present DIAI to Consumer Management]]
		- [[Fredic Scott Brown]] is not inclined to bring us to his leadership team, but indicated we should talk with [[Age Ingierd]] and [[Arve Kvale]]
		- After talking with the [[DIAI team]], we landed into connect our message to them and hope they will see necessary to further connect with Consumer's leadership
	- [[Setup the DIAI Advisory Board]]
		- Will align with the [[DIAI team]] what is our next step
		- All documentation is ready, we just need to present it. However, there is no yet proper topic to discuss with them
	- [[Co-create presentation about Data, Insight and AI driven Telenor Norway in June]]
		- I shared with [[Oyvind Rimmereid]] the data with the Business Opportunities marked as relevant for DIAI
		- I should follow-up with him on the topic
	- [[Present DIAI to Business Leadership]]
		- Ask [[Ludwig]] to help me out with presenting DIAI to Business and Wholesale
	- [[Decision on piloting dynamic pricing for a tender process]]
		- Waiting for [[Jesper Lade]] to come with more information on pricing
	- [[Get IT OKRs and how do they connect with divisional OKRs for Tor Henrik]]
		- I asked [[Froydis]], but her answer didn't fulfill my question
		- Will try again next Thursday, when I'm present in the IT area
	- [[Share with TMO about IT struggle to drive modernization from technical teams]]
		- I need to prepare the material to illustrate the challenges we're facing between vision and work done
	- [[Handle the conflicting view between Google-based solutions and Neutral-based solutions in the Data space]]
		- Asked [[Torbjorn]] last Friday to try connecting with me to discuss this in 5 minutes. No luck.
		- Will give it until Friday, and try again
	- [[Make a proposal for onboarding Ludwig and meeting IT]]
		- About Ludwig's request to present the architecture for an order placed by a consumer and processed in our [[OSS]] and [[BSS]] systems
			- Asked [[Oyvind Rimmereid]] to include an order flow for [[BSS]] and [[OSS]]
			- I should be checking the material they would like to present
		- On the onboarding sessions with [[Ludwig]], I should ask him when he would like to have them, to start booking placeholders
	- [[Follow-up Melinda review]]
		- Waiting a bit longer for the reminder
	- [[Consider Sourcing Strategy as potential focus area]]
		- Just asked [[Ola Horten]] for an update on this. Waiting
	- [[Consider how to take the hypothesis about resistance to autonomy]]
		- The best way forward is to talk with [[Ludwig]] and figure out his appetite for measuring team's autonomy and set a target
		- [ ] [[Get Ludwig view on resistance to autonomy]] #projects/onboading  #discussion #person/ludwig 
		- For the time being is difficult to bring this topic for conversation, since Ludwig just started. Let me wait one week to reassess this
	- [[Define better the challenge with Value Stream Leadership]]
		- Moved to next Monday
	- [[Get Security Clearance screening]]
		- Searched Onedrive, Mylio, Scanned folders, email and even SMS. Didn't find the files I submitted to Security
		- Since it's the only document stating that I requested Secret clearance then, the best would be to request those documents back.
		- I wrote to Security and requested them the papers back
	- [[Risk of not migrating Mainframes should be documented and an alternative explored]]
		- I wrote an email to the Core team with this suggestion
		- They understand this is more like a Plan C - last resort sort of thing
## Reminders for today

## Task list

```tasks
not done
tag does not include #discussion 
sort by priority
```
