## Parking lot
## Meetings and interactions
- TMO & Strategy weekly meeting #areas/collaborate_within_tmo  #meeting 
	- End June is the target for TietoEvry Exit plan
		- How is this correlating with [[Salesforce for Business system]] <> [[CCDW system]]?
		- I just sent a heads-up to [[Christoffer Vestrheim]] and [[Siri Wam]]
- Weekly sync #projects/AI_task_force #meeting 
	- Met [[DIAI team]]
	- We reviewed the Advisory Board presentation
	- I already adjusted the presentation with the feedback
- Second iteration on role focus - Outcomes #projects/onboading #meeting 
	- The Transformation has to add value
	- Not being a coordination of tasks but coordinating ambitions/vision
		- Leave the transactional activities

## Worked tasks
- Reviewing tasks
	- [[Setup the DIAI Advisory Board]]
		- Received some feedback. Will discuss in our DIAI session today
	- [[Co-create presentation about Data, Insight and AI driven Telenor Norway in June]]
		- Progressing. Had a review with [[Torbjorn]], with positive feedback
		- [[Bente]] is leading the writing. It seems she prefer doing it that way
		- I need to take care of checking the value slides with [[Oyvind Rimmereid]] and change the agenda title for the NOL session, with [[Julijana Damcevska]]
	- [[Follow-up on the team's thoughts about the presentation for NOL]]
		- It seems [[Bente]] would prefer to take her presentation and take some pieces of mine, so better to close this task
	- [[Decision on piloting dynamic pricing for a tender process]]
		- Good connection with [[Jesper Lade]]
		- He's still discovering where he can push for pricing the products. I should be connecting with him in a month
	- [[Make slide to explain architecture setup]]
		- Prepared slide deck and shared with team
		- I will explain the topic on [[2025-06-03]]
	- [[Reflect on mid-Q2 performance]]
		- Already wrote my status last week
	- [[Discover what is the HERO product in Security]]
		- Sent reminder to [[Borge Setsa Jensen]] by email
	- [[Follow-up with Laila on onboarding review]]
		- Closing task since is two months old
	- [[Follow-up Melinda review]]
		- Sent reminder by email 
	- [[Consider Sourcing Strategy as potential focus area]]
		- [[Ola Horten]] told me (by Slack) that he will be discussing this with [[Torbjorn]] next Wednesday
	- [[Present second iteration of the presentation to Torbjorn]]
		- Session today, and planning to process the feedback next Thursday
	- [[Consider how to take the hypothesis about resistance to autonomy]]
		- Linked with a workshop I planned to have with [[Melinda Holgrem]]
		- I moved the workshop, so I need to move this task as well
	- [[Follow-up after first Gartner presentation to the TMO team]]
		- I followed this with the team and agreed to wait for Ludwig to join us before retaking this conversation
	- [[Read TietoEvry Exit proposals submitted by Value Streams]]
		- This one is getting difficult. 
		- The best would be to finish, so I can share my observations with the team before is too late. 
		- Will keep end of this week.
	- [[Build alternatives to migrate Mainframes]]
		- The TCO part is done, and a fair round of feedback has been added
		- However, there are still some comments which should be addressed
	- [[Talk with Lars-Erik about the level of risk in FKM]]
		- The risk and approach is now understood
		- I think it's important to share with the rest of the team, so booked a meeting
		- Closing this task
	- [[Follow-up with Magnus Sulland about the applications in the Hardware Sales and Solutions Value Stream]]
		- Magnus is coming back on June 4th, so moved the reminder to one week after
	- [[Follow-up with Fredrik Frojd about the applications in the Customer Operations Value Stream]]
		- He answered and now I need to process his answer
	- [[Check if we need to do a lot of adaptation in Geneva while we're also doing a lift and shift]]
		- [[Gunnar Ronning]] is not answering, therefor we should considerer [[Geneva system]] as one of the systems with risk
		- Closing the task
	- [[Plan for sign-off documents for Mobile Business on CCDW and Salesforce]]
		- We're now focusing in integrations triggered from Salesforce to other systems
		- The team will come with a list and we will check this on [[2025-06-10]]
	- [[Share with Katrina and Lars about my concerns on the speed from the architecture community to deliver anything meaningful for CVC]]
		- It just doesn't make any sense to share feedback on this. According to [[Katrina Sponheim]], she's working on this as fast as she can, so putting more pressure will not help
	- [ ] [[Figure out what is going on with ServiceNow in NMS - Nordic Managed Services, as they are creating a bottleneck for the value stream Network2Business]] #projects/VDOM2_plus 
- [[Make a proposal for onboarding Ludwig and meeting IT]]
	- Updated the topic list
		- What's IT's contribution to the value chain?
		- What's IT’s offering?
		- What is the CAPEX and OPEX assigned to IT?
		- How does IT work? (Operating Model)
		- What are IT’s goals?
		- What are IT’s main challenges?
		- Key IT stakeholders and decision-making processes
		- What are the main Business Opportunities?
		- What is our high-level architecture?
- [[Inform Torbjorn about dealing with his feedback on the Transformation programs in the VDOM retro scheduled for Q4]]
	- Sent email to [[Torbjorn]] 
	- Closing the task

## Reminders for today

## Task list

```tasks
not done
tag does not include #discussion 
sort by priority
```
