## Parking lot
## Meetings and interactions
- Aurora Live nettverksm√∏te med Victor & Sebastian #areas/learning  #meeting 
	- Met [[Sebastian Hagen]]
	- Reviewed the Aurora portal 
	- Briefed about upcoming events
	- Peer connect seems fine but there is no relevant network for me
- DIAI-Presentation for Wholesale #projects/AI_task_force  #meeting 
	- Part of [[Co-create presentation about Data, Insight and AI driven Telenor Norway in June]]
	- Met [[Bente]]
	- A new presentation only for the [[Wholesale division]] would be preferable
	- Hide some slides, as they are not so important for this audience
	- We want to create a separate slide deck with the pre-reading material
	- Some typos were identified
	- Bente would like me to change the picture, as it's too formal ("too American")
- Preparation for Value Stream Leadership meeting #areas/contribute_success_IT  #meeting 
	- Part of [[Value Stream Leadership improvements]]
	- Met [[Melinda Holgrem]]
	- She's fine with the presentation
	- Asked to add a slide for showing the potential consequences
		- This is affecting our
			- Ownership
			- Innovation
		- The slide could also include an image representing our potential versus realized innovation
## Worked tasks
- [[Be part of the Nordic forum for Technology Strategy]]
	- Got acceptance from [[Ludwig]] to request my participation in the team discussing technology strategy
	- Wrote email to [[Eyvinn Aarrestad]], asking to be part of the team/group which is working with the Technology Strategy
	- Here is an important document: [Technology Strategy Update - Review - June.pptx](https://telenorgroup-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/r/personal/victor_mendivil_telenor_no/Documents/3-Resources/Technology%20Strategy%20Update%20-%20Review%20-%20June.pptx?d=wf68aa9fbbf73429ea5031b50acc6d09b&csf=1&web=1&e=S2REuB) 
- [[Co-create presentation about Data, Insight and AI driven Telenor Norway in June]]
	- [[Ole Christian Enger]] needs until today to finalize the slide on AI platform
	- I would like to finish the slide with the example on how data issues affect business performance
		- Trying to discuss with [[Sonja Helena Jaegersborg]] if the issues there are affecting only entertainment, and how to word the slide
	- Created a new presentation only for the [[Wholesale division]]: [Wholesale DAAI presentation - August 2025.pptx](https://telenorgroup.sharepoint.com/:p:/r/sites/SharedDataServicesTelenorNorgeAS-SDSLeadershipteam/Shared%20Documents/SDS%20Leadership%20team/Data-,%20insight-,%20and%20AI-driven%20Telenor/Wholesale%20DAAI%20presentation%20-%20August%202025.pptx?d=w89d33ab9e7dc4c23ad9d38283b64b722&csf=1&web=1&e=cLKbAV)
	- 
- [[Onboard Ludwig into IT]]
	- Talked with [[Ola Horten]] and [[Torbjorn]]
		- Torbjorn would like to make the onboarding more conversational and less about slides
		- Ola is simplifying the material
		- All IT Management should be invited to the two meetings tomorrow
			- I communicated the change of plans to them
## Reminders for today

## Task list

```tasks
not done
tag does not include #discussion 
sort by priority
```
