## Parking lot
## Meetings and interactions
- Strategy & Transformation weekly meeting #areas/collaborate_within_tmo  #meeting 
	- Approved extra capex (ARGO, Private Datacenter)
	- Created note for [[Soduko project]] - M&A opportunity
	- OKAPI - project for site management
- Ludwig <> Victor #areas/line_management  #meeting 
	- [ ] [[Brief Ludwig on Gartner interest on collaborating with Telenor]] #projects/support_from_gartner 
		- He's fine with connecting with Gartner
		- I sent an email to [[Cesar Pinto]] proposing to arrange a meeting between them and [[Ludwig]]
	- [[Brief quickly Ludwig on the topic of VS Leadership]]
		- He will be contacting [[Kristin Ruud]] as heads-up for the meeting
	- Understand what are the problems we want to solve in data and if we are empowered to solve them
		- [[Ludwig]] agrees to take a closer look into IT development productivity
		- [ ] [[Explore enhancing IT development productivity through Gen AI]] #projects/AI_task_force  
		- [ ] [[Explore Automation paratrooping]] #projects/AI_task_force 

## Worked tasks
- [[Present DIAI to Business Leadership]]
	- Discuss with [[Ludwig]]
- [[Why the internet is becoming less mobile]]
	- Read the article
- [[Present DIAI to Wholesale Leadership]]
	- Booked presentation by [[2025-08-11]]
	- Discussed with [[Bente]] and agreed to meet tomorrow to review the presentation
- [[Co-create presentation about Data, Insight and AI driven Telenor Norway in June]]
	- Asked to [[Ole Christian Enger]] if the AI Platform slide is ready
	- Checked the content as I want to check the balance between data content and AI content
	- There are 21 slides to go through voice-over, so would be good to reduce the number a bit
- [[Value Stream Leadership improvements]]
	- Meeting moved by [[Melinda Holgrem]] to tomorrow
- Created note [[Onboard Ludwig into IT]]
- [x] [[Onboard Ludwig into IT]] #areas/line_management âœ… 2025-08-08
	- Checked presentation
		- Order is incorrect
		- Content is missing in some areas
	- I'm contacting the different "owners" (assuming which ones they are)
		- Confirmed [[Isabel Bergly]] for finance, [[Lars-Erik]] for the order value chain, the rest are unconfirmed
		- Contacted [[Bente]], [[Mats]], [[Ola Horten]] for the rest of the content
	- The slide deck is massive for the time allocated, so I'm suggesting to reduce slides to everyone
- [[Define Mainframe Plan B]]
	- Asked [[Lars Berg]] for invoices to start getting information on volumetrics
	- Once I got that, then I need to process it and reply to [[Dan Pehrsson]], so I asked for what we don't have
## Reminders for today

## Task list

```tasks
not done
tag does not include #discussion 
sort by priority
```
